1. What is the default value of an array for different data types?
Answer: The default values for an array in Java depend on the type of the elements in the array:
byte, short, int, long: 0
float, double: 0.0
char: '\u0000' (the null character)
boolean: false
Object references: null
2. Can you pass a negative number in the array size?
Answer: No, you cannot pass a negative number as the array size. If you pass a negative number as the array size, you will not get a compiler error.
Instead, you will get a NegativeArraySizeException at runtime.

3. Where is the array stored in JVM memory?
Answer: An array is an object in Java. Therefore, an array is stored in the heap memory in the JVM.

4. What are the disadvantages of an array?
Answer:
To create an array, contiguous memory is required. 
It is possible in the JVM that the memory is available to accommodate the array, but the available memory is not contiguous.
The array is a static data structure. It is of fixed size, so we cannot increase or decrease the size of the array after creation.

5. What is an anonymous array in Java? Give an example.
Answer: An anonymous array is an array without any name (or reference). They are useful for scenarios where we need one-time usage of an array.
Example:
java
Copy code
// Anonymous int array
new int[] {2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7};

// Anonymous String array
new String[] {"Java", "Hungry"};

6. What are the different ways to traverse an array in Java?
Answer:
Using a for loop
Using a for-each loop

7. What is the difference between length and length() method? Give examples.
Answer:
length: An array is an object that holds a fixed number of values of the same type.
The length variable in an array returns the length of the array, i.e., the number of elements stored in the array. Once arrays are initialized, 
their length cannot be changed, so the length variable can directly be used to get the length of an array. 
The length variable is used only for an array.
Output: Length of the array is: 7
length(): The length() method is a method of the String class. 
The length() method returns the length of a string object, i.e., the number of characters stored in the object.
The String class uses this method because the length of a string can be modified using various operations on the object. 
The String class internally uses a char[] array that it does not expose to the outside world.
